# US 028

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. User Story Description

    As Director, I want to get a list of all human resources in a project.

### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications

**From the specifications document:**

    The Director is a profile that allows the user to have access to all projects (page 1, row 29).
    For the Director profile, information about the allocation of all users registered in the system
    should be listed. (page 5, row 29).
    Resources are users with a account that are allocated to a project, and have a certain role.

**From the client clarifications:**

    Question by Group 6(via Teams_25/01/2022_12:41): Do you want to see the active resources or all those who
    have already participated in the project? 
    Answer: All attached to the project.

### 1.3. Acceptance Criteria

    AC01 - There must be projects.
    AC02 - There must be resources allocated to the project.
    AC04 - The resources can still be active in the project or have already ended the function

### 1.4. Found out Dependencies
    
    
    This User Story is dependes on the realization of US015 - As Director, I want to get a list of all projects. 

### 1.5 Input and Output Data

    Input Data: Project code.    
    Output Data: returns a list with all resources associated to a project, can be empty.

## 2. OO Analysis

### 2.1. Relevant Domain Model Excerpt



## 3. Design - User Story Realization

### 3.1. Rationale

    n/a

### Systematization ##

    According to the taken rationale, the conceptual classes promoted to software classes are:

    Resource

    Other software classes (i.e. Pure Fabrication) identified: 
    
    ResourceController
    ApplicationServiceCreateResource
    
    ResourceMapper

## 3.2. Sequence Diagram (SD)


## 3.3. Class Diagram (CD)

